 
1. Hi, good evening.

My name is Esraa I have a python project named ( Building Penetration testing tools for detecting Malicious insider for organisation). on Pycharm in kali virtual machine in windows.

The program should show a menu with the required tools and the user choose from them , these are the tools required:

1. scan a port (Did the code and it works)
2. scan network (Did the code and it works)
3. ARP spoofing (Did the code and it works)
4. sniffing (Did the code and it works)
5. bypassing
6. key-logger (Did the code and it works)
7. login password
8. read/write files
9. download files
10. send post request
11. ARP spoof detector (Did the code and it works)
12. Exit

Simply, each tool has a its own code then they are put together. like a framework but with a friendly user interface.

I did the interface with some of the tools coding above, but the rest I cant find it. I will send the codes to the ones I did above but I want the rest with a comment for each line of the code to explain what it does. Then, how to add them and make them work in the interface.

Could you please help me ♥.
Thank you.


2. The goal of the login process is that it cannot enter anyone who does not have an account. And I specified the name and password, because I want the idea to be simple, and I do not want to add datbase to the project.




1- I want you to make sure that all the codes are turned on.
2- That you connect them with each other all in one code.
3- I also want an explanation of the codes and what is meant by each code.
4- I want the remaining codes, that I have not done yet.
5-Then link them to a simple interface window like the picture.
6-When the user click on one of the choices like: 
ARP spoofing, it runs its code.
7- As a further illustration, open the file that you sent previously. In the name of pen_test method will be understood.



I also want you to give me each code individually and it works on its own. An example of that is to run arp spoofing code on a file by itself



👆send_post_request :DVWA


But the victim device and router have to be linked together  


I need to put all the references you use if it exists on all the codes  
